docs: can only extract client cert info from PPv2 (#2565)
emqtt/emq-docs-cn: en_US/deploy/cluster/lb.md

For information on enabling Proxy Protocol on your LB, refer to the respective documentation for your LB. Some LB products do not support Proxy Protocol but still allow the backend service to obtain the actual client IP. Configure accordingly based on the specific requirements of your LB and cloud service provider.

> ## Certificate Information from Proxy Protocol

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Certificate Information from Proxy Protocol
```

For information on enabling Proxy Protocol on your LB, refer to the respective documentation for your LB. Some LB products do not support Proxy Protocol but still allow the backend service to obtain the actual client IP. Configure accordingly based on the specific requirements of your LB and cloud service provider.

### Client TLS Certificate Information

> Only Proxy Protocol v2 support extracting client certificate information, such as Common Name (CN) and Subject. If the load balancer sends client certificate information to the TCP listener, ensure that Proxy Protocol v2 is in use.

Author: ```suggestion
Only Proxy Protocol v2 supports forwarding client certificate information, such as Common Name (CN) and Subject. If the load balancer sends client certificate information to the TCP listener, ensure that Proxy Protocol v2 is in use.
```
